we do not cut the oil of the
motor
first we have to do is
find the top dead center that is the
first cylinder at its maximum point
let's balance the last one remember
that for an explosion after doing this
little install a clock a base
the magnetic field here and leaving it
6 mm and 10 before the
body upper wall
turning an engine in the anti-turning direction
I'm not going to put him there and he's
adjusted adjusted ebitda IPMS I will
back six millimeters and 10 2 3 4
face to face well
Let's check it out again if God
you want to vote mp ms
tms here we go there
zero out and we will take into 6 mm and
month
Hmm
in
6 and 10
in the 2010 course now we go beyond
the pump is empty cut of cutting oil
of the point of inversion in the mwm go pump
explain the following
first we put 16
10 points so before the pole with
superior tumor will see that it becomes a
just below the block
only it has to stay precisely in 6
thousand of ten for that we use
this magnetic base that it will measure
with accuracy
with this motto explosion but put my
balances team know that the first one
cylinder will be the one that will enter
explosion case of diesel combustion
blast way to say that everything goes
I'm going to leave here. I'm here at the pump.
Here in the injection pump
removing these elements here
he will see goes inside the generator park
on here
these three feet goes into that tube of
pressurizing here from the beak he commands
injection into the nozzle after removal
we take a balloon with bypass install a
hose, the most
high for diesel
I went down and played down.
Yes, we installed an eyedropper
The same as the iron tube is
closed
we cut it let him come back from
job
now that regulation of the story of
pump management
we have a company only takes these
four screws that will happen her
will have
she's going to have a game she'll have if she
will have this move here
in this way we move is
holding the accelerated element where it
Accelerate here we can see that he
will have an injection of diesel
With your hand here you will try
to hit your take there guys
I bring them here they richa
what is his ideal point from 4 to 5 pingo
per minute
So what are you going to do?
he will start over here for that will
leaving has brought forth and will
dripping is only catching a lot
entered a little more and now will get
I'll add another touch
Are you trying to eat only drips?
3 he drips claw aipim at 45 in a
I 'm not going to name anything else either.
will be complete
but this is how we proceed around
injection 2010
the piston before the before combustion
first pump element by pushing
detour by removing those elements in here
inside and loosening the four screws
reality by making this move up to
it starts dripping from 4 to 5 per minute
that's it